While small projects are fun to do, and have their place in the real world, larger projects are much more applicable to how things are done in the real world. I can't wait to see how things are done - like, how the work is split up, bug testing ect. It will be fun to get a taste of what I will be doing for the rest of my life(probably).

Event propagation is what determines the order elements receive their events. Bubbling is one of the ways event propagation happens. Essentially, the innermost element receives the event, and then it is passed up the chain. Imagine a li inside an ul inside a div inside the body. If you click one of the bullet points, it will do the action it needs to when clicked(if any) and then the ul will do its action, and the div will do its action, and finally the body will do its action. If this proves undesirable, you can put event.stopPropagation inside an event listener to stop the next element up from receiving the click.

An event listener I found unique is 'online'. This event listener detects wether or not you are connected to the internet. it can be used in addition to 'offline' to make sure data isn't sent when it will fail (can't submit a form when you're not connected to the internet). Another pair of event listener that I found cool are 'focus' and 'blur'. They can determine if the element is currently selected, or has been unselected. This could be used in a password field, when it is selected input would be displayed in plain text, but when they move to another field, it shows up as dots instead(just an idea, not really a good one)
