Website development, like all technology, changes all the time. It can be difficult for someone to keep track of these changes, as they happen continuously/randomly. Simple things may change, many of which can go unseen to the web developer that works alone. However, there are a few great resources to help release the burden of trying to keep up with everything. One of which is caniuse.com. Here, you can type and html or css property and it will tell you if you are allowed to use it or not. It will also inform you is things render differently on different web browsers.

floats are very nice to use. They allow so many possibilities, however they come with some weird limitations/bugs. One of which is that content can be pushed down if there is not enough width on the window to display both. Take this for example, you have a 300 pixel wide window. On your webpage you have a sidebar that is 100 pixels wide. However, you also have an image that is displayed next to the sidebar that is 250 pixels wide. since there is not enough space to render both the picture and the sidebar side by side, the side bar is pushed below the image (the top of the sidebar is starts at the bottom of the image).

Flex box takes into account that people of all languages will be programming. Some languages read left to right, and some read right to left. With thins in mind, the developers of flex box decided to refer to the axis's as main axis or cross axis. Flex box uses the flex-direction property to determine if items will be placed on the main axis(on rows) or on the cross axis(on columns)
