My favorite CSS property so far has to be color. Color truly is the number one customization option, when it comes to literally anything. It also has nearly infinite customization, allowing over 16 million values! Color can also take in other methods that can produce a gradient effect. The possibilities are endless when it comes to color. No matter what else you change in a webpage, you will most certainly need to change the color of something. Color is the one thing that makes your website stand out from all the rest.

In the HTML you could make a class for each list element specifying if it is spicy, vegetarian, gluten free, or none. Then you could use a class selector, such as ‘p.spicy’ or ‘p.none’, to style each element the way it needs to be styled.

CSS cascades, meaning that for everything you typed is ran in order. If you have multiple rules that apply to the same element, and change the same property(both things change the color), the last one is the one that prevails. Specificity determines what exactly will change if multiple elements are referenced in one statement. For example, ‘li p’ will not select lists, but rather paragraphs that are inside lists. Inheritance is also important to understand – when an element is styled, everything inside of that element is also styled, including other elements. This could be problematic because some things you may not want to change, my change without you knowing. It is imperative that you make sure that styling rules that you apply to a parent are set back to what they should be in any child element that you have that you don’t want to have the same properties. EX: set the color back to black if you don’t want your paragraphs purple. 
