If Html was controlled by one person or company, they could make changes to how it works, or revoke people’s licenses to use it without notice. This would be a serios threat to the free internet and could eventually end up destroying the internet. This corporation would control what types of websites are allowed to be build and censor the ones that don’t follow their guidelines. Additionally, HTML could be made to be closed source, preventing private organization or people from improving it. This would lock out people’s creativity to one company’s greedy policies.

Basically, tags are used to create elements. An opening tag is something like <p> or <ul> which tells the web browsers what is supposed to be displayed at a certain point, and a closing tag looks something like </p> or </ul>, which tells the web browser when something is not supposed to be displayed anymore. A collection of an opening tag (<p>) and a closing tag (</p>) is referred to as an element. 

The difference between syntax and semantics is an important one. Having incorrect syntax will break your code, rendering it either uncompilable or unable to run. Having a sematic error won’t stop your code from running, but rather it will do unexpected things, like make stuff bold that shouldn't be, or not display an image at all. Sematic errors are more dangerous that syntax errors, because if you are not paying attention, something could be wrong with the code and you would not know it. A syntax error would alert you that something is horribly wrong with your code and beg you to fix it. 
