After completing the CSET 104 course I feel confident in my ability to succeed in this program. I think I did a decent job overall; however, I think I need to take things a little slower and actually try to see what’s happening in each segment of code, especially in the chapter exercises. All too often I see a chunk of code and instead of seeing what actually happens I just skip over it and never really learn anything from it. Another thing that I did poorly on this week was relying on my prior programming experience to pull me through, rather than learning new material and techniques. 

Arrays and objects have pretty similar uses, but on major difference is that in objects, each value has a name, whereas arrays are just a collection of variables. 

I could have set the player to be an object. I could have given it three values, and integer for lives, a name (which the user could input) and a Boolean allowing us to see if the player got the checkpoint or not. Another thing I could have done was have an Array with a list of correct choices, with the position being the room number minus one. When you enter your number, it is checked with the number on the array and if they match you are sent to the next room. I could have also had an object storing the incorrect options. This might have taken a little bit of interesting coding, but each variables name would be room plus the number plus the choice, and the value would be a string with the death message. I think that would have been an intuitive yet complicated way to handle each room, rather that 8 different functions and a long if else section in each room.
