Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.

One of the most important things that I learned this week was that Javascript automaticly converts some types of values to other types, so that a calculation can be done. For example, trying to subtract the int 1 from the String "5" will give you the answer of 4, because the String "5" is converted to the int 5. This can sometimes be useful, or it can cause unexpected results. Another thing a found important is when trying to compare two values to eachother using == or !=, some automatic conversion may happen there too. To avoid this, use === or !==.

High level and low level programming languages can both be understood by computers with relative ease. The scale measures how easy it is for a human to understand the code. A high level programming language, such a visual basic, not difficult for a programmer to fugure out what's going on. A low level language, such as machine code, is difficult for a programmer to understand. The difference between the two can be measured through abstraction. Abstraction hides things which are not important

As I mentioned earler, Javascript converts the type of values to other types if an operation between two (or more) values does not make sense (like how can you add a String and a boolean???) Because javascript does this automaticlly, it makes the language more accessible to novice programmers. However, this can sometimes create unexpected results. Lets say you ask a user to type in a number. What they type in is stored as a String. If you want to add one to whatever they type in(let's say 5) and return it you could type console.log(intput + 1). Since their input is a String and not a number, Javascript will automaticly convert the 1 to a String and concatanate them, leaving you with 51 intead of the expected 6. 
