In High school I took two computer programming courses that mainly focused on how to program in Java. It is also the only programming language I know how to program in. My biggest concern/challenge I have is being able to know what works in Java but does not work in Java script. 

A 'for' loop generally contains four parts, initialization of a variable, a Boolean test using the variable, a change to the value, and the stuff on the inside that is run each time the for-loop cycles. A for loop is generally useful if you want something to be run a specific number of times.
A 'while' loop is only a Boolean test that runs continuously until the test is false. The programmer is responsible for making sure the loop eventually does terminate. This can be useful if the programmer is unsure how many times the loop needs to be run, for example brute forcing a password.
A 'do - while' loop is essentially the same as a 'while' loop except the stuff on the inside is guaranteed to run at least once

Splitting a problem into two parts, pseudocode and actual code is important for the same reason writing a rough draft and a final draft in English class is important. Writing the final draft first can be a little overwhelming. By splitting the coding into two parts, you can first work out how you will solve it, and maybe determine potential errors in your logic before writing a whole bunch of code. This will make actually programming your solution much smoother. As I mentioned earlier, this is also useful for an English class because when you write a rough draft you can see some mistakes you make and fix them early before you try to edit your big final draft.
